# CS-320-T4512-Software-Test-Automation
The repository of my works during SNHU's CS-320.

# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Ensuring that my code is functional and secure comes first into play when I am writing it. It is easier to write code with intentions of being functional and secure than having to go back later and fix functionality or security. In the context of my project, I ensured my code was functional through the creation and running of Junit tests and receiving the intended response from the test. Did this test fail when I expected it to? Why or why not, and how can I make it give me the response I was aiming for?
How about this test that succeeds because I wanted it to? What would it mean if it failed and threw an exception when I expected a success?
By ensuring all my tests were returning as I expected them to, and even retesting them again with the opposite or incorrect parameters to ensure it would pass/fail for either was another way I had ensured my code was functional.

# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
The user needs are most important and more often than not is why I am even creating a program. Often this will involve speaking with users and trying to gauge what it is they want/need, but once I know their needs I begin by working it into my program piece by piece. In the example and context of my project, the "user" in this case wanted specific fields/variables, and to have a specific maximum length to each one, so when I created each variable I referred to the needs and requirements and ensured that what I had created met those requirements.

# How do I approach designing software?
This also lies in with gauging requirements. In the case of the project I was not designing software for myself, but for someone else. So, I begin by thinking about what my software will need to do in order to meet their needs. What kind of things will this software need to do? In the example of the project I start off by listing the things I need. I Have these sets of variables, here is the length requirement, here is the "cannot be null" requirement. But when it goes into the service I had to design more complex things. It isn't as simple as creating variables into an object, I had to design whole methods to work with this to meet the certain requirement of a unique ID. I had to come up with a solution to ensure that no new object would be created if it had the same ID of one that exists before, so I had to create a "findById" method that searched the whole array of objects for a match.
Overall, my approach to designing software is just in line with the requirements. I don't have much need to design something that wouldn't be used or wasn't asked for so it doesn't even come to mind. I focus on just what it is I need to do, and what extra things I would need to be able to do those things I need to do.
So just like I said above, I need to make an object that has these specific variables, but one of these variables must be unique. So that means I need to design something that will ensure that this specific variable will be unique. The findByID method wasn't a requirement in it of itself, but it was required to meet the requirement of a unique variable requirement. It was designed and born out of necessity for something else.
